CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Hyperledger Explorer

We welcome contributions to the Hyperledger Explorer Project in many forms like bug reports, feature requests,  documentation updates, code.


## Bug Reports and Feature Requests

We track all bugs and feature requests on [Hyperledger Explorer Jira](https://jira.hyperledger.org/projects/BE/issues). Please send a detailed bug report with relevant logs and steps to reproduce the issue when you encounter an issue. We always appreciate such bug reports as it reduces our effort and will help us fix the bug easily. Please use the search functionality to ensure that the bug/feature request you are trying to file does not exist already. If it exists, you can always add additional information to the JIRA issue in the comments sections and start watching for updates. All the issue here will be added to our backlog and prioritized in the upcoming sprints.

You can contact the developers for any general problems or questions on [Hyperledger Chat](https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/blockchain-explorer).

## Documentation updates and Code contributions

You are always welcome to contribute documentation updates and code in the form the patch submissions on [Gerrit](http://gerrit.hyperledger.org/).

The code is structured into two main categories
* ReactJS UI (client folder)
* NodeJS back-end (all other folders)

### Gerrit

All the patches should be submitted to gerrit for review. Follow the general guidelines on getting Linux foundation account and submitting patches [here](http://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Gerrit/lf-account.html)

Finally, thank you for reading this document and your future contributions.

Commit message:

BE-147
merge release-3 into master
updated Copyright Notices

Change-Id: I0b486d8032bcd5da98233c8d5977b16ced42d2fa
Signed-off-by: nfrunza <nfrunza@gmail.com>

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Hyperledger Explorer

We welcome contributions to the Hyperledger Explorer Project in many forms like bug reports, feature requests,  documentation updates, code.


## Bug Reports and Feature Requests

We track all bugs and feature requests on [Hyperledger Explorer Jira](https://jira.hyperledger.org/projects/BE/issues). Please send a detailed bug report with relevant logs and steps to reproduce the issue when you encounter an issue. We always appreciate such bug reports as it reduces our effort and will help us fix the bug easily. Please use the search functionality to ensure that the bug/feature request you are trying to file does not exist already. If it exists, you can always add additional information to the JIRA issue in the comments sections and start watching for updates. All the issue here will be added to our backlog and prioritized in the upcoming sprints.

You can contact the developers for any general problems or questions on [Hyperledger Chat](https://chat.hyperledger.org/channel/blockchain-explorer).

## Documentation updates and Code contributions

You are always welcome to contribute documentation updates and code in the form the patch submissions on [Gerrit](http://gerrit.hyperledger.org/).

The code is structured into two main categories
* ReactJS UI (client folder)
* NodeJS back-end (all other folders)

### Gerrit

All the patches should be submitted to gerrit for review. Follow the general guidelines on getting Linux foundation account and submitting patches [here](http://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Gerrit/lf-account.html)


### Copyright Notices

There should be a single LICENSE file in the top-level directory that contains the full text of the Apache License [here] (http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).
In the individual files, please use the following line:

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

Regarding copyright notices, we generally find that copyright notices in headers fall out of date quickly. The contributor data is stored in git and determining "copyright" requires an analysis that becomes quite complex after the initial commit.

DO NOT remove copyright notices that are already in a file unless they're removed by the copyright owner.

If it is a new file that does not have a copyright notice, you can say something like "Copyright Hyperledger and its contributors."

Finally, thank you for reading this document and your future contributions.
