MAINTAINERS.md, before:


<!-- (SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0) -->

Maintainers
===========

**Active Maintainers**

| Name | GitHub |
|------|--------|
| Arun S M | [arsulegai][arsulegai] |


**Release Managers**

| Name | GitHub |
|------|--------|

**Retired Maintainers**

| Name | GitHub |
|------|--------|------|----------------------
| Adam Kwan | [adamk1230][adamk1230]  |
| Anil Kumar | [anilkumargr][anilkumargr]  |
| Atsushi Neki | [nekia][nekia]  |
| David Huffman |   |
| Jeeva Sankarapandian | [jeevasang][jeevasang]  |
| Mekia Edwards | [mekiae]  |
| Nik Frunza | [nfrunza][nfrunza]  |
| Satheesh Kathamuthu | [xspeedcruiser][xspeedcruiser] |
| Uma Parameswari |   |
| Umapathi Madiraju | [umadiraju][umadiraju]  |
| Vinita Chinoy | [vchinoy-da][vchinoy-da]  |

[adamk1230]: https://github.com/adamk1230
[anilkumargr]: https://github.com/anilspecial
[arsulegai]: https://github.com/arsulegai
[jeevasang]: https://github.com/jeevasang
[mekiae]: https://github.com/mekiae
[nekia]: https://github.com/nekia
[nfrunza]: https://github.com/nfrunza
[umadiraju]: https://github.com/umadiraju
[vchinoy-da]: https://github.com/vchinoy-da
[xspeedcruiser]: https://github.com/xspeedcruiser

Commit message:

maintainers contact
how to contact to maintainers details.

Signed-off-by: Ravi Singh <59569106+singhravipratap@users.noreply.github.com>

MAINTAINERS.md, after:


<!-- (SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0) -->

Maintainers
===========

You can find out who's contributed recently just by looking at GitHub's [contributors list](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/blockchain-explorer/graphs/contributors). But there are a few more things you ought to know about who maintains this code, and how they do it:

Make sure you read our contributor guidelines so you understand how we work and how to collaborate effectively. This includes instructions about pull request and code review protocols, and it explains what we mean by calling someone a "maintainer" in this file.

Be aware that individual folders in the project may have more specific maintainers; if you see another MAINTAINERS.md in a subfolder, that governs the tree below it.

A lot of interactions with maintainers take place on Discord. You'll need [Linux Foundation credentials](https://identity.linuxfoundation.org/) to comment there; creating them is self-service. The project name you want, once in Discord, is "[blockchain-explorer](https://discord.com/channels/905194001349627914/1039606111654920255)". Most of the team hangs out there during their work day; look for #Blockchain-explorer.

**Who To Contact**
For ordinary questions, we suggest you contact [active contributors](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/blockchain-explorer/graphs/contributors) generically, on Discord [#blockchain-explorer](https://discord.com/channels/905194001349627914/1039606111654920255). If that doesn't get someone's attention, feel free to contact the contributors individually.

Maintainers are busy and delegate many decisions to other trusted contributors. However, it is appropriate to contact them if you have a complex design decision or a controversial PR.


**Active Maintainers**

| Name | GitHub |
|------|--------|
| Arun S M | [arsulegai][arsulegai] |


**Release Managers**

| Name | GitHub |
|------|--------|

**Retired Maintainers**

| Name | GitHub |
|------|--------|------|----------------------
| Adam Kwan | [adamk1230][adamk1230]  |
| Anil Kumar | [anilkumargr][anilkumargr]  |
| Atsushi Neki | [nekia][nekia]  |
| David Huffman |   |
| Jeeva Sankarapandian | [jeevasang][jeevasang]  |
| Mekia Edwards | [mekiae]  |
| Nik Frunza | [nfrunza][nfrunza]  |
| Satheesh Kathamuthu | [xspeedcruiser][xspeedcruiser] |
| Uma Parameswari |   |
| Umapathi Madiraju | [umadiraju][umadiraju]  |
| Vinita Chinoy | [vchinoy-da][vchinoy-da]  |

[adamk1230]: https://github.com/adamk1230
[anilkumargr]: https://github.com/anilspecial
[arsulegai]: https://github.com/arsulegai
[jeevasang]: https://github.com/jeevasang
[mekiae]: https://github.com/mekiae
[nekia]: https://github.com/nekia
[nfrunza]: https://github.com/nfrunza
[umadiraju]: https://github.com/umadiraju
[vchinoy-da]: https://github.com/vchinoy-da
[xspeedcruiser]: https://github.com/xspeedcruiser
