README.md, before:

Hyperledger Explorer
=======

Hyperledger Explorer is a simple, powerful, easy-to-use, highly maintainable, open source browser for viewing activity on the underlying blockchain network. Users have the ability to configure & build Hyperledger Explorer natively on macOS and Ubuntu.

## Table of Contents

- [Release Notes](#Release-Notes)
- [Directory Structure](#Directory-Structure)
- [Requirements](#Requirements)
- [Clone Repository](#Clone-Repository)
- [Database Setup](#Database-Setup)
- [Fabric Network Setup](#Fabric-Network-Setup)
- [Fabric Configure Hyperledger Explorer](#Fabric-Configure-Hyperledger-Explorer)
- [Composer Configure Hyperledger Explorer](#Composer-Configure-Hyperledger-Explorer)
- [Cello Configure Hyperledger Explorer](#Cello-Configure-Hyperledger-Explorer)
- [Build Hyperledger Explorer](#Build-Hyperledger-Explorer)
- [Run Hyperledger Explorer](#Run-Hyperledger-Explorer)
- [Run Hyperledger Explorer using Docker](#Run-Hyperledger-Explorer-using-Docker)
- [Hyperledger Explorer Swagger](#Hyperledger-Explorer-Swagger)
- [Logs](#Logs)
- [Troubleshooting](#Troubleshooting)
- [License](#License)


<a name="Release-Notes"/>

## Release Notes

- [Release Notes v0.3.8](release_notes/v0.3.8.md)
- [Release Notes v0.3.7](release_notes/v0.3.7.md)
- [Release Notes v0.3.6.1](release_notes/v0.3.6.1.md)
- [Release Notes v0.3.6](release_notes/v0.3.6.md)
- [Release Notes v0.3.5.1](release_notes/v0.3.5.1.md)
- [Release Notes v0.3.5](release_notes/v0.3.5.md)
- [Release Notes v0.3.4](release_notes/v0.3.4.md)


<a name="Directory-Structure"/>

## Directory Structure
```
├── app            	 Application backend root, Explorer configuration
	├── rest         REST API
	├── persistence  Persistence layer
		├── fabric   Persistence API (Hyperledger Fabric)
	├── platform     Platforms
		├── fabric   Explorer API (Hyperledger Fabric)
	├── test         Application backend test
├── client         	 Web UI
	├── public       Assets
	├── src          Front end source code
		├── components		React framework
		├── services	  	Request library for API calls
		├── state		Redux framework
		├── static       	Custom and Assets
```
<a name="Requirements"/>

## Requirements

Following are the software dependencies required to install and run hyperledger explorer
* nodejs 8.11.x (Note that v9.x is not yet supported)
* PostgreSQL 9.5 or greater
* Jq [https://stedolan.github.io/jq/]

Hyperledger Explorer works with Hyperledger Fabric 1.3.  Install the following software dependencies to manage fabric network.
* docker 17.06.2-ce [https://www.docker.com/community-edition]
* docker-compose 1.14.0 [https://docs.docker.com/compose/]

<a name="Clone-Repository"/>

## Clone Repository

Clone this repository to get the latest using the following command.

- `git clone https://github.com/hyperledger/blockchain-explorer.git`.
- `cd blockchain-explorer`.

<a name="Database-Setup"/>

## Database Setup

- `cd blockchain-explorer/app`
- Modify explorerconfig.json to update postgresql properties
	- postgreSQL host, port, database, username, password details.

- "postgreSQL": {
-		"host": "127.0.0.1",
-		"port": "5432",
-		"database": "fabricexplorer",
-		"username": "hppoc",
-		"passwd": "password"
-	}


Another alternative to configure database properties is to use environment variables, example of setting:

 - export DATABASE_HOST=127.0.0.1
 - export DATABASE_PORT=5432
 - export DATABASE_DATABASE=fabricexplorer
 - export DATABASE_USERNAME=hppoc
 - export DATABASE_PASSWD=pass12345

**Important repeat after every git pull (in some case you may need to apply permission to db/ directory, from blockchain-explorer/app/persistence/fabric/postgreSQL run: `chmod -R 775 db/` )

Run create database script.

- `cd blockchain-explorer/app/persistence/fabric/postgreSQL/db`
- `./createdb.sh`


Run db status commands.
Connect to PostgreSQL database.

#### Ubuntu

- `sudo -u postgres psql`

#### macOS

 - `psql postgres`

- `\l` view created fabricexplorer database
- `\d` view created tables

<a name="Fabric-Network-Setup"/>

## Fabric Network Setup

 Setup your own network using [Build your network](http://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/build_network.html) tutorial from Fabric. Once you setup the network, please modify the values in `/blockchain-explorer/app/platform/fabric/config.json` accordingly.

<a name="Fabric-Configure-Hyperledger-Explorer"/>

## Fabric Configure Hyperledger Explorer

On another terminal.

- `cd blockchain-explorer/app/platform/fabric`
- Modify config.json to update network-configs.
	- Change "fabric-path" to your fabric network path,
	example: "/home/user1/workspace/fabric-samples" for the following keys: "tlsCACerts", "adminPrivateKey", "signedCert".
	- Final path for key "tlsCACerts" will be:  "/home/user1/workspace/fabric-samples/first-network/crypto-config/peerOrganizations/org1.example.com/peers/peer0.org1.example.com/tls/ca.crt".
- Modify "network-id.clients.client-id.channel" to your default channel for each client

 **or**

## Hyperledger Composer Setup

 Setup your own network using Composer [Build your network](https://hyperledger.github.io/composer/latest/installing/development-tools) from Hyperledger Composer. Once you setup the network, please modify the values in `/blockchain-explorer/app/platform/fabric/config.json` accordingly.

<a name="Composer-Configure-Hyperledger-Explorer"/>

## Composer Configure Hyperledger Explorer

On another terminal.

- `git checkout v0.3.5.1`
- `cd blockchain-explorer/app/platform/fabric`
- Modify config.json to update network-config.
	- Change "fabric-path" to your composer network path,
	- Configure the Hyperledger composer based on this link [CONFIG-COMPOSER-HLEXPLORER.md](CONFIG-COMPOSER-HLEXPLORER.md)
- Modify "syncStartDate" to filter data by block timestamp
- Modify "channel" to your default channel

If you are connecting to a non TLS fabric peer, please modify "network-id.clients.client-id.tlsEnable" (`true->false`) in config.json. Depending on this configuration, the application decides whether to go TLS or non TLS route.

**or**

## Hyperledger Cello Setup

 Setup your fabric network using Cello [Build your network](https://cello.readthedocs.io/en/latest/setup/) from Hyperledger Cello. Once you setup the network, please modify the values in `/blockchain-explorer/app/platform/fabric/config.json` accordingly.

<a name="Cello-Configure-Hyperledger-Explorer"/>

## Cello Configure Hyperledger Explorer

On another terminal.

- `git checkout v0.3.5.1`
- `cd blockchain-explorer/app/platform/fabric`
- Modify config.json to update network-config.
	- Change "fabric-path" to your cello network path,
	- Configure the Hyperledger cello based on this link [CONFIG-CELLO-HLEXPLORER.md](CONFIG-CELLO-HLEXPLORER.md)
- Modify "syncStartDate" to filter data by block timestamp
- Modify "channel" to your default channel

If you are connecting to a non TLS fabric peer, please modify "network-id.clients.client-id.tlsEnable" (`true->false`) in config.json. Depending on this configuration, the application decides whether to go TLS or non TLS route.

<a name="Build-Hyperledger-Explorer"/>

## Build Hyperledger Explorer
**Important repeat after every git pull

On another terminal.

- `cd blockchain-explorer`
- `npm install`
- `cd blockchain-explorer/app/test`
- `npm install`
- `npm run test`
- `cd client/`
- `npm install`
- `npm test -- -u --coverage`
- `npm run build`

<a name="Run-Hyperledger-Explorer"/>

## Run Hyperledger Explorer

- `cd blockchain-explorer/app`
- Modify explorerconfig.json to update sync properties
	- sync type (local or host), platform, blocksSyncTime(in min) details.

Sync Process Configuration

- Please restart Explorer if any changes made to explorerconfig.json.

Host (Standalone)

- Ensure same configuration in Explorer explorerconfig.json if sync process is running from different locations

```json
 "sync": {
    "type": "host"
 }
```
Local (Run with Explorer)

```json
 "sync": {
    "type": "local"
 }
```

From new terminal.

- `cd blockchain-explorer/`
- `./start.sh`  (it will have the backend up).
- Launch the URL http://localhost:8080 on a browser.
- `./stop.sh`  (it will stop the node server).

From new terminal(If Sync Process in Standalone).

- `cd blockchain-explorer/`
- `./syncstart.sh` (it will have the sync node up). [Note : pass network-id and client-id to start specific client sync process, else first network and client will be considered]
- `./syncstop.sh`  (it will stop the sync node).

- If the Hyperledger Explorer was used previously in your browser be sure to clear the cache before relaunching.

<a name="Run-Hyperledger-Explorer-using-Docker"/>

## Run Hyperledger Explorer using Docker

There is also an automated deployment of the **Hyperledger Explorer** available via **docker** having next assumptions:

* **BASH** installed
* **Docker** is installed on deployment machine.
### Non interactive deployment assumptions
* By default, deployment script uses **192.168.10.0/24** virtual network, and needs to be available with no overlapping IPs (this means you can't have physical computers on that network nor other docker containers running). In case of overlappings, edit the script and change target network and container targets IPs.
* By default both services (fronted and database) will run on same machine, but script modifications is allowed to run on separate machines just changing target DB IP on frontend container.
* Crypto material is correctly loaded under `examples/$network/crypto`
* Fabric network configuration is correctly set under `examples/$network/config.json`

## Docker

* Hyperledger Explorer docker repository `https://hub.docker.com/r/hyperledger/explorer/`
* Hyperledger Explorer PostgreSQL docker repository `https://hub.docker.com/r/hyperledger/explorer-db`

### Steps to deploy using Docker

From new terminal.

- `cd blockchain-explorer/`
- Create a new folder (lets call it `dockerConfig`) to store your hyperledger network configuration under `examples` (`mkdir -p ./examples/dockerConfig`)
- Save your hyperledger network configuration under `examples/dockerConfig/config.json`.
- Save your hyperledger network certs data under `examples/dockerConfig/crypto`.
- Run the explorer pointing to previously created folder.

From new terminal.
- `cd blockchain-explorer/`
- `./deploy_explorer.sh dockerConfig`  (it will automatically deploy both database and frontend apps using Hyperledger Fabric network configuration stored under `examples/dockerConfig` folder)

Note: the example with additional information can be found at [examples/net1](./examples/net1) folder.

### Joining existing Docker network
If the Blockchain network is deployed in the Docker, you may pass network name as second parameter to join that network
(docker_network in the example below):
- `./deploy_explorer.sh dockerConfig docker_network`

### Steps to stop containers
- `./deploy_explorer.sh --down`

### Steps to remove containers and clean images
- `./deploy_explorer.sh --clean`

<a name="Hyperledger-Explorer-Swagger"/>

### NPM utility scripts to Dockerise application

Set the `DOCKER_REGISTRY` variable to the Container Registry you will use and login to that registry if you want to store your container there.

To build the container (auto-tagged as `latest`), run:

    npm run docker_build

To tag the container with your registry and the NPM package version, run:

    npm run docker_tag


To push the container to your registry, run:

    npm run docker_push

## Hyperledger Explorer Swagger

- Once the Hyperledger Explorer has been launched go to http://localhost:8080/api-docs to view the Rust API description

<a name="Logs"/>

## Logs
- Please visit the [./logs/console]() folder to view the logs relating to console and [./logs/app]() to view the application logs and visit the [./logs/db]() to view the database logs.
- Logs rotate for every 7 days.

<a name="Troubleshooting"/>

## Troubleshooting

- Please visit the [TROUBLESHOOT.md](TROUBLESHOOT.md) to view the Troubleshooting TechNotes for Hyperledger Explorer.

<a name="License"/>

## License

Hyperledger Explorer Project source code is released under the Apache 2.0 license. The README.md, CONTRIBUTING.md files, and files in the "images", "__snapshots__" folders are licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. You may obtain a copy of the license, titled CC-BY-4.0, at http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/.

Commit message:

BE-485 Add a support for working with fabric-ca
- Add identity info to app/platform/fabric/config_ca.json
- Change the template for config.json for applying to balance-transfer example (CA enabled env)
- Change node version for docker image (since npm install fails)

Change-Id: I16935ea88e792c4f80ad9a9e89052b7b836df411
Signed-off-by: Atsushi Neki <atsushin@fast.au.fujitsu.com>

README.md, after:

Hyperledger Explorer
=======

Hyperledger Explorer is a simple, powerful, easy-to-use, highly maintainable, open source browser for viewing activity on the underlying blockchain network. Users have the ability to configure & build Hyperledger Explorer natively on macOS and Ubuntu.

## Table of Contents

- [Release Notes](#Release-Notes)
- [Directory Structure](#Directory-Structure)
- [Requirements](#Requirements)
- [Clone Repository](#Clone-Repository)
- [Database Setup](#Database-Setup)
- [Fabric Network Setup](#Fabric-Network-Setup)
- [Fabric Configure Hyperledger Explorer](#Fabric-Configure-Hyperledger-Explorer)
- [Composer Configure Hyperledger Explorer](#Composer-Configure-Hyperledger-Explorer)
- [Cello Configure Hyperledger Explorer](#Cello-Configure-Hyperledger-Explorer)
- [Build Hyperledger Explorer](#Build-Hyperledger-Explorer)
- [Run Hyperledger Explorer](#Run-Hyperledger-Explorer)
- [Run Hyperledger Explorer using Docker](#Run-Hyperledger-Explorer-using-Docker)
- [Hyperledger Explorer Swagger](#Hyperledger-Explorer-Swagger)
- [Logs](#Logs)
- [Troubleshooting](#Troubleshooting)
- [License](#License)


<a name="Release-Notes"/>

## Release Notes

- [Release Notes v0.3.8](release_notes/v0.3.8.md)
- [Release Notes v0.3.7](release_notes/v0.3.7.md)
- [Release Notes v0.3.6.1](release_notes/v0.3.6.1.md)
- [Release Notes v0.3.6](release_notes/v0.3.6.md)
- [Release Notes v0.3.5.1](release_notes/v0.3.5.1.md)
- [Release Notes v0.3.5](release_notes/v0.3.5.md)
- [Release Notes v0.3.4](release_notes/v0.3.4.md)


<a name="Directory-Structure"/>

## Directory Structure
```
├── app            	 Application backend root, Explorer configuration
	├── rest         REST API
	├── persistence  Persistence layer
		├── fabric   Persistence API (Hyperledger Fabric)
	├── platform     Platforms
		├── fabric   Explorer API (Hyperledger Fabric)
	├── test         Application backend test
├── client         	 Web UI
	├── public       Assets
	├── src          Front end source code
		├── components		React framework
		├── services	  	Request library for API calls
		├── state		Redux framework
		├── static       	Custom and Assets
```
<a name="Requirements"/>

## Requirements

Following are the software dependencies required to install and run hyperledger explorer
* nodejs 8.11.x (Note that v9.x is not yet supported)
* PostgreSQL 9.5 or greater
* Jq [https://stedolan.github.io/jq/]

Hyperledger Explorer works with Hyperledger Fabric 1.3.  Install the following software dependencies to manage fabric network.
* docker 17.06.2-ce [https://www.docker.com/community-edition]
* docker-compose 1.14.0 [https://docs.docker.com/compose/]

<a name="Clone-Repository"/>

## Clone Repository

Clone this repository to get the latest using the following command.

- `git clone https://github.com/hyperledger/blockchain-explorer.git`.
- `cd blockchain-explorer`.

<a name="Database-Setup"/>

## Database Setup

- `cd blockchain-explorer/app`
- Modify explorerconfig.json to update postgresql properties
	- postgreSQL host, port, database, username, password details.

- "postgreSQL": {
-		"host": "127.0.0.1",
-		"port": "5432",
-		"database": "fabricexplorer",
-		"username": "hppoc",
-		"passwd": "password"
-	}


Another alternative to configure database properties is to use environment variables, example of setting:

 - export DATABASE_HOST=127.0.0.1
 - export DATABASE_PORT=5432
 - export DATABASE_DATABASE=fabricexplorer
 - export DATABASE_USERNAME=hppoc
 - export DATABASE_PASSWD=pass12345

**Important repeat after every git pull (in some case you may need to apply permission to db/ directory, from blockchain-explorer/app/persistence/fabric/postgreSQL run: `chmod -R 775 db/` )

Run create database script.

- `cd blockchain-explorer/app/persistence/fabric/postgreSQL/db`
- `./createdb.sh`


Run db status commands.
Connect to PostgreSQL database.

#### Ubuntu

- `sudo -u postgres psql`

#### macOS

 - `psql postgres`

- `\l` view created fabricexplorer database
- `\d` view created tables

<a name="Fabric-Network-Setup"/>

## Fabric Network Setup

 Setup your own network using [Build your network](http://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/build_network.html) tutorial from Fabric. Once you setup the network, please modify the values in `/blockchain-explorer/app/platform/fabric/config.json` accordingly.

<a name="Fabric-Configure-Hyperledger-Explorer"/>

## Fabric Configure Hyperledger Explorer

On another terminal.

- `cd blockchain-explorer/app/platform/fabric`
- Modify config.json to update network-configs.
	- Change "fabric-path" to your fabric network path,
	example: "/home/user1/workspace/fabric-samples" for the following keys: "tlsCACerts", "adminPrivateKey", "signedCert".
	- Final path for key "tlsCACerts" will be:  "/home/user1/workspace/fabric-samples/first-network/crypto-config/peerOrganizations/org1.example.com/peers/peer0.org1.example.com/tls/ca.crt".
- Modify "network-id.clients.client-id.channel" to your default channel for each client

### Configure to work with fabric-ca server

- `cd blockchain-explorer/app/platform/fabric`
- Modify config.json to add configurations related to CA server.
  - Add "certificateAuthorities" to 2 sections
    - The first one is for each organization to specify which CA server should be used
      - network-configs > network-1 > organizations > Org* > certificateAuthorities
    - The second one is for each network to access to CA  server
      - network-configs > network-1 > certificateAuthorities
    - Please refer [here](https://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developapps/connectionprofile.html#sample) about more detail
    - If leave certificateAuthorities of each organization empty, system will not use fabric-ca (it'll run with admin user)
- Modify config_ca.json to configure for your environment
  - Configure admin ID and credential to register a new user to CA server
  - Configure a user ID which is registered and enrolled as a user for managing blockchain explorer
  - Another alternative to configure them is to use environment variables, example of setting:
```
export ENROLL_ID="hlbeuser"
export ENROLL_AFFILIATION=".department1"
export ADMIN_USERNAME="admin"
export ADMIN_SECRET="adminpw"
```

 **or**

## Hyperledger Composer Setup

 Setup your own network using Composer [Build your network](https://hyperledger.github.io/composer/latest/installing/development-tools) from Hyperledger Composer. Once you setup the network, please modify the values in `/blockchain-explorer/app/platform/fabric/config.json` accordingly.

<a name="Composer-Configure-Hyperledger-Explorer"/>

## Composer Configure Hyperledger Explorer

On another terminal.

- `git checkout v0.3.5.1`
- `cd blockchain-explorer/app/platform/fabric`
- Modify config.json to update network-config.
	- Change "fabric-path" to your composer network path,
	- Configure the Hyperledger composer based on this link [CONFIG-COMPOSER-HLEXPLORER.md](CONFIG-COMPOSER-HLEXPLORER.md)
- Modify "syncStartDate" to filter data by block timestamp
- Modify "channel" to your default channel

If you are connecting to a non TLS fabric peer, please modify "network-id.clients.client-id.tlsEnable" (`true->false`) in config.json. Depending on this configuration, the application decides whether to go TLS or non TLS route.

**or**

## Hyperledger Cello Setup

 Setup your fabric network using Cello [Build your network](https://cello.readthedocs.io/en/latest/setup/) from Hyperledger Cello. Once you setup the network, please modify the values in `/blockchain-explorer/app/platform/fabric/config.json` accordingly.

<a name="Cello-Configure-Hyperledger-Explorer"/>

## Cello Configure Hyperledger Explorer

On another terminal.

- `git checkout v0.3.5.1`
- `cd blockchain-explorer/app/platform/fabric`
- Modify config.json to update network-config.
	- Change "fabric-path" to your cello network path,
	- Configure the Hyperledger cello based on this link [CONFIG-CELLO-HLEXPLORER.md](CONFIG-CELLO-HLEXPLORER.md)
- Modify "syncStartDate" to filter data by block timestamp
- Modify "channel" to your default channel

If you are connecting to a non TLS fabric peer, please modify "network-id.clients.client-id.tlsEnable" (`true->false`) in config.json. Depending on this configuration, the application decides whether to go TLS or non TLS route.

<a name="Build-Hyperledger-Explorer"/>

## Build Hyperledger Explorer
**Important repeat after every git pull

On another terminal.

- `cd blockchain-explorer`
- `npm install`
- `cd blockchain-explorer/app/test`
- `npm install`
- `npm run test`
- `cd client/`
- `npm install`
- `npm test -- -u --coverage`
- `npm run build`

<a name="Run-Hyperledger-Explorer"/>

## Run Hyperledger Explorer

- `cd blockchain-explorer/app`
- Modify explorerconfig.json to update sync properties
	- sync type (local or host), platform, blocksSyncTime(in min) details.

Sync Process Configuration

- Please restart Explorer if any changes made to explorerconfig.json.

Host (Standalone)

- Ensure same configuration in Explorer explorerconfig.json if sync process is running from different locations

```json
 "sync": {
    "type": "host"
 }
```
Local (Run with Explorer)

```json
 "sync": {
    "type": "local"
 }
```

From new terminal.

- `cd blockchain-explorer/`
- `./start.sh`  (it will have the backend up).
- Launch the URL http://localhost:8080 on a browser.
- `./stop.sh`  (it will stop the node server).

From new terminal(If Sync Process in Standalone).

- `cd blockchain-explorer/`
- `./syncstart.sh` (it will have the sync node up). [Note : pass network-id and client-id to start specific client sync process, else first network and client will be considered]
- `./syncstop.sh`  (it will stop the sync node).

- If the Hyperledger Explorer was used previously in your browser be sure to clear the cache before relaunching.

<a name="Run-Hyperledger-Explorer-using-Docker"/>

## Run Hyperledger Explorer using Docker

There is also an automated deployment of the **Hyperledger Explorer** available via **docker** having next assumptions:

* **BASH** installed
* **Docker** is installed on deployment machine.
### Non interactive deployment assumptions
* By default, deployment script uses **192.168.10.0/24** virtual network, and needs to be available with no overlapping IPs (this means you can't have physical computers on that network nor other docker containers running). In case of overlappings, edit the script and change target network and container targets IPs.
* By default both services (fronted and database) will run on same machine, but script modifications is allowed to run on separate machines just changing target DB IP on frontend container.
* Crypto material is correctly loaded under `examples/$network/crypto`
* Fabric network configuration is correctly set under `examples/$network/config.json`

## Docker

* Hyperledger Explorer docker repository `https://hub.docker.com/r/hyperledger/explorer/`
* Hyperledger Explorer PostgreSQL docker repository `https://hub.docker.com/r/hyperledger/explorer-db`

### Steps to deploy using Docker

From new terminal.

- `cd blockchain-explorer/`
- Create a new folder (lets call it `dockerConfig`) to store your hyperledger network configuration under `examples` (`mkdir -p ./examples/dockerConfig`)
- Save your hyperledger network configuration under `examples/dockerConfig/config.json`.
- Save your hyperledger network certs data under `examples/dockerConfig/crypto`.
- Run the explorer pointing to previously created folder.

From new terminal.
- `cd blockchain-explorer/`
- `./deploy_explorer.sh dockerConfig`  (it will automatically deploy both database and frontend apps using Hyperledger Fabric network configuration stored under `examples/dockerConfig` folder)

Note: the example with additional information can be found at [examples/net1](./examples/net1) folder.

### Joining existing Docker network
If the Blockchain network is deployed in the Docker, you may pass network name as second parameter to join that network
(docker_network in the example below):
- `./deploy_explorer.sh dockerConfig docker_network`

### Steps to stop containers
- `./deploy_explorer.sh --down`

### Steps to remove containers and clean images
- `./deploy_explorer.sh --clean`

<a name="Hyperledger-Explorer-Swagger"/>

### NPM utility scripts to Dockerise application

Set the `DOCKER_REGISTRY` variable to the Container Registry you will use and login to that registry if you want to store your container there.

To build the container (auto-tagged as `latest`), run:

    npm run docker_build

To tag the container with your registry and the NPM package version, run:

    npm run docker_tag


To push the container to your registry, run:

    npm run docker_push

## Hyperledger Explorer Swagger

- Once the Hyperledger Explorer has been launched go to http://localhost:8080/api-docs to view the Rust API description

<a name="Logs"/>

## Logs
- Please visit the [./logs/console]() folder to view the logs relating to console and [./logs/app]() to view the application logs and visit the [./logs/db]() to view the database logs.
- Logs rotate for every 7 days.

<a name="Troubleshooting"/>

## Troubleshooting

- Please visit the [TROUBLESHOOT.md](TROUBLESHOOT.md) to view the Troubleshooting TechNotes for Hyperledger Explorer.

<a name="License"/>

## License

Hyperledger Explorer Project source code is released under the Apache 2.0 license. The README.md, CONTRIBUTING.md files, and files in the "images", "__snapshots__" folders are licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. You may obtain a copy of the license, titled CC-BY-4.0, at http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/.
