docs/source/presentation/index.rst, before:



.. SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

Hyperledger Explorer screens
============================

Login screen
--------------
When user navigates to the home page of Hyperledger Explorer or enters default url **http(s)://<host>:<port>**, initially the login screen
will be displayed to select the `Network Name`, and enter the user, and password based on the configuration in order to access the dashboard page.

.. raw:: html
     :file: ./hl_login.html


.. important::
   Expiration time of the `JWT token <https://github.com/hyperledger/blockchain-explorer/blob/master/app/explorerconfig.json>`__, can be configured and by default is set to two hours.




Dashboard
--------------
Dashboard is the home page of the Hyperledger Explorer, and displays a set of panels that will show the latest activity of the
Hyperledger Fabric network the explorer is configured to.
We can see the navigation tabs: :guilabel:`DASHBOARD`, :guilabel:`NETWORK`, :guilabel:`BLOCKS`, :guilabel:`TRANSACTIONS`, :guilabel:`CHAINCODES`,  :guilabel:`CHANNELS`.
Along with the navigation tabs there are: :guilabel:`channel drop down`, :guilabel:`dark theme switch`, :guilabel:`latest notification`, and :guilabel:`register user` icons.
List of the peers can be seen, metrics, followed by latest activity, and transactions by organization panels.
Each panel reflects the historical, metrics, and the latest activity per selected channel.

.. raw:: html
     :file: ./hl_dashboard.html

.. note::
   To see another channel latest activity, select another channel from the drop down list.



Latest blocks notification panel
--------------------------------
The latest block notification panel displays the block number, channel name, datahash, and the number of transactions per block.
There is an  :guilabel:`icon link` if clicked, it will show the latest block details, and is located in the right most corner of the panel. In the picture below you can see
the block details accessed from the provided link.


.. raw:: html
     :file: ./hl_block_details_notification_panel.html




Dark theme screen
-----------------
The dark theme mode it is another view of the Hyperledger Explorer, there can be some potential benefits by switching to it.

.. raw:: html
     :file: ./hl_dark_theme.html


Network
--------------
Network screen consist of the list of the properties that channel is configured to.

.. raw:: html
     :file: ./hl_network.html


Block list
--------------
Block list displays a list of the block attributes, and links to block, and transaction pop up details window. Please notice when mouse over
it will display the actual block hash.
Displayed in a table all the headers are sortable either descending or ascending depending of the direction selected. A filter can be applied to search
by date range, and selected organization from the list.

.. raw:: html
     :file: ./hl_block_list.html


Block details window
--------------------
TODO add content

.. raw:: html
     :file: ./hl_block_details_window.html

Filter result
--------------
By default block list will return one day woth of data, but you can modify the search criteria to search
historical data, and apply also filter to the returned result.
List can be sorted by one of desired direction, ascending or descending. To clear the global filter you can use the :guilabel:`Clear Filter` button.
The :guilabel:`Reset` button can be used to reset the date range, and the organizations selection.

.. raw:: html
     :file: ./hl_filter_window.html


Transaction list
-----------------
Transaction list screen has almost identical functionality as the block list screen.

.. raw:: html
     :file: ./hl_transaction_list.html


Transaction details
-------------------
Transaction details is similar to block details, JSON data can be folded/unfolded for the preview purposes.

.. raw:: html
     :file: ./hl_tx_details.html


Chaincode list
---------------
Chaincode list displays the chaincode properties and has filter, and sort functionalities. Displayed list is for the current selected channel.

.. raw:: html
     :file: ./hl_chaincodes.html


Channel list
--------------
Channel list displays all the channels, and it's properties, has similar filter, and sort functionalities as chaincode list.

.. raw:: html
     :file: ./hl_channel_list.html



Metrics
--------

Metrics panel has four tabs that will show the latest statistics of blocks, and transactions per selected channel.
By hovering mouse over at any point of intersection in the graph will show the counts per hour, or minute. Click on any tabs below to see the metrics per
block/transaction, hours or minute.



.. container:: content-tabs

    .. tab-container:: blocks_per_hour
        :title: Blocks per hour


        .. image:: ../_static/images/hl_blocks_per_hour.png


    .. tab-container:: blocks_per_minute
        :title: Blocks per minute


        .. image:: ../_static/images/hl_blocks_per_minute.png


    .. tab-container:: tx_per_hour
        :title: Transactions per hour


        .. image:: ../_static/images/hl_tx_count_per_hour.png


    .. tab-container:: tx_per_minute
        :title: Transactions per minute


        .. image:: ../_static/images/hl_tx_count_minute.png

Commit message:

BE-679 Create online documentation
* updated db services, and data model diagram
* added logs images, sync, some updates
* added diagrams, db description, etc

Signed-off-by: nfrunza <nfrunza@gmail.com>
Change-Id: I684f688a8d4b470697160f8880967ac3e9be6491

docs/source/presentation/index.rst, after:



.. SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

Hyperledger Explorer screens
============================

Login screen
--------------
When user navigates to the home page of Hyperledger Explorer or enters default url **http(s)://<host>:<port>**, initially the login screen
will be displayed to select the `Network Name`, and enter the user, and password based on the configuration in order to access the dashboard page.

.. raw:: html
     :file: ./hl_login.html


.. important::
   Expiration time of the `JWT token <https://github.com/hyperledger/blockchain-explorer/blob/master/app/explorerconfig.json>`__, can be configured and by default is set to two hours.




Dashboard
--------------
Dashboard is the home page of the Hyperledger Explorer, and displays a set of panels that will show the latest activity of the
Hyperledger Fabric network the explorer is configured to.
We can see the navigation tabs: :guilabel:`DASHBOARD`, :guilabel:`NETWORK`, :guilabel:`BLOCKS`, :guilabel:`TRANSACTIONS`, :guilabel:`CHAINCODES`,  :guilabel:`CHANNELS`.
Along with the navigation tabs there are: :guilabel:`channel drop down`, :guilabel:`dark theme switch`, :guilabel:`latest notification`, and :guilabel:`register user` icons.
List of the peers can be seen, metrics, followed by latest activity, and transactions by organization panels.
Each panel reflects the historical, metrics, and the latest activity per selected channel.

.. raw:: html
     :file: ./hl_dashboard.html

.. note::
   To see another channel latest activity, select another channel from the drop down list.



Latest blocks notification panel
--------------------------------
The latest block notification panel displays the block number, channel name, datahash, and the number of transactions per block.
There is an  :guilabel:`icon link` if clicked, it will show the latest block details, and is located in the right most corner of the panel. In the picture below you can see
the block details accessed from the provided link.


.. raw:: html
     :file: ./hl_block_details_notification_panel.html




Dark theme screen
-----------------
The dark theme mode is another view of the Hyperledger Explorer, there can be some potential benefits by switching to it.

.. raw:: html
     :file: ./hl_dark_theme.html




Network
--------------
Network screen consist of the list of the properties that channel is configured to.

.. raw:: html
     :file: ./hl_network.html




Block list
--------------
Block list displays a list of the block attributes, and links to block, and transaction pop up details window. Please notice when mouse over
it will display the actual block hash.
Displayed in a table all the headers are sortable either descending or ascending depending of the direction selected. A filter can be applied to search
by date range, and selected organization from the list.

.. raw:: html
     :file: ./hl_block_list.html




Block details window
--------------------
This screen represents in detail a block. You can see the creation of the block, number of transactions in this block, block hash, data hash,
and the previous hash that connects
to the previous block. For usability you can copy any of the hashes using the clipboard icon.

.. raw:: html
     :file: ./hl_block_details_window.html



Filter result
--------------
By default block list will return one day woth of data, but you can modify the search criteria to search
historical data, and apply also filter to the returned result.
List can be sorted by one of desired direction, ascending or descending. To clear the global filter you can use the :guilabel:`Clear Filter` button.
The :guilabel:`Reset` button can be used to reset the date range, and the organizations selection.

.. raw:: html
     :file: ./hl_filter_window.html



Transaction list
-----------------
Transaction list screen has almost identical functionality as the block list screen.

.. raw:: html
     :file: ./hl_transaction_list.html



Transaction details
-------------------
Transaction details is similar to block details, JSON data can be folded/unfolded for the preview purposes.

.. raw:: html
     :file: ./hl_tx_details.html




Chaincode list
---------------
Chaincode list displays the chaincode properties and has filter, and sort functionalities. Displayed list is for the current selected channel.

.. raw:: html
     :file: ./hl_chaincodes.html



Channel list
--------------
Channel list displays all the channels, and it's properties, has similar filter, and sort functionalities as chaincode list.

.. raw:: html
     :file: ./hl_channel_list.html




Metrics
--------

Metrics panel has four tabs that will show the latest statistics of blocks, and transactions per selected channel.
By hovering mouse over at any point of intersection in the graph will show the counts per hour, or minute. Click on any tabs below to see the metrics per
block/transaction, hours or minute.



.. container:: content-tabs

    .. tab-container:: blocks_per_hour
        :title: Blocks per hour


        .. image:: ../_static/images/hl_blocks_per_hour.png


    .. tab-container:: blocks_per_minute
        :title: Blocks per minute


        .. image:: ../_static/images/hl_blocks_per_minute.png


    .. tab-container:: tx_per_hour
        :title: Transactions per hour


        .. image:: ../_static/images/hl_tx_count_per_hour.png


    .. tab-container:: tx_per_minute
        :title: Transactions per minute


        .. image:: ../_static/images/hl_tx_count_minute.png
